PG | Eat a quail egg
Take a shot of lemon juice
PG-13 | Send "last night was amazing :3" to your fifth DM
Do a silly dance in front of everyone for one minute.
Send a funny text to your crush.
Let someone draw on your face with a marker.
Talk in a fake accent for the next five minutes.
Wear socks on your hands for the next three rounds.
Call a random contact and sing happy birthday.
Let the person to your right post something on your social media.
Do your best impression of a celebrity until someone guesses who it is.
Act like a cat until your next turn.
Go outside and shout "I love (insert embarrassing thing)" at the top of your lungs.
Do 20 pushups while making funny faces.
Speak in rhymes for the next five minutes.
Send a voice message to someone saying you lost your pet rock.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Let someone redo your hairstyle in any way they want.
Walk like a penguin for the next three minutes.
Try to lick your elbow for the next minute.
Do your best chicken dance in the middle of the room.
Balance a spoon on your nose for as long as you can.
Hold a plank for one minute while someone tells jokes to make you laugh.
Say the alphabet backward as fast as you can.
Do your best runway model walk around the room.
Pretend to be a waiter/waitress and take fake orders from everyone.
Sing everything you say for the next five minutes.
Let the group choose a word you have to include in every sentence until your next turn.
Attempt to juggle three random objects.
Tell a joke so bad it makes everyone groan.
Make up a poem about something in the room.
Try to fit as many marshmallows in your mouth as possible.
Hold a conversation with a chair as if it were your best friend.
Walk around the room backward until your next turn.
Let someone text a random emoji to your last conversation.
Do 10 jumping jacks while holding your breath.
Pretend to be a superhero and describe your powers dramatically.
Say a tongue twister five times fast without messing up.
Draw a mustache on your face using a washable marker.
Let someone else redo your outfit with whatever they choose.
Balance a book on your head and walk across the room without dropping it.
Try to whistle with a mouth full of crackers.
Do an impression of your favorite teacher for one minute.
Act like a robot until your next turn.
Spin in a circle 10 times and then try to walk in a straight line.
Let someone style your hair in a ridiculous way and keep it like that for the next three rounds.
Go outside and compliment a stranger (if it's safe to do so).
Try to do a cartwheel or somersault.
Talk in a whisper for the next five minutes.
Pretend to be a famous YouTuber filming a vlog.
Do your best impression of an animal chosen by the group.
Let someone write something embarrassing on your arm with a marker.
Eat a spoonful of a weird food combination chosen by the group.
Act like a grandparent for the next five minutes.
Swap shoes with the person next to you for the next three rounds.
Make up a new dance move and teach it to the group.
Try to drink a glass of water while standing on one foot.
Speak in slow motion for the next three minutes.
Act like a mime stuck in a box for one minute.
Draw a picture of a random person in the group using your non-dominant hand.
Hop on one foot while saying the names of everyone in the room.
Let the group decide a phrase you must say before everything you speak for the next five minutes.
Stand perfectly still like a statue until your next turn.
Try to do 10 squats while balancing something on your head.
Write a short rap about an object in the room and perform it.
Do an embarrassing victory dance every time someone says your name until your next turn.
Act out a dramatic soap opera scene using exaggerated emotions.
Try to talk without moving your lips for the next three minutes.
Pretend to be a zombie and walk around groaning for one minute.
Let someone tie your hands together for the next round.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song in an opera voice.
Do your best impression of a famous cartoon character.
Balance on one leg while telling a funny story.
Try to do a split or touch your toes.
Have a full conversation with an inanimate object.
Let the group choose a dare for you that isn't on this list.
Act like a news anchor and deliver a fake news story.
Try to high-five everyone in the room in under 10 seconds.
Speak like a pirate for the next five minutes.
Attempt to stand on your hands or do a headstand.
Say the next five things you want to say in a dramatic Shakespearean accent.
Do your best impression of someone in the room without naming them.
Let someone put an ice cube down your back.
Try to walk on your knees for the next two minutes.
Make up a new word and try to use it in every sentence until your next turn.
Do a slow-motion replay of something funny that just happened.
Let someone wrap you up in toilet paper like a mummy.
Try to keep a straight face while someone tells jokes for a minute.
Wear your socks on your hands for the next five minutes.
Pretend to be a talking commercial for the last snack you ate.
Act like your favorite celebrity until someone guesses who it is.
Try to make the group laugh in under a minute without speaking.
Hold your breath for as long as you can, then dramatically gasp for air.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk in a straight line without falling.
Do your best alien impression and have a conversation with someone in that voice.
Pretend to be a lost tourist asking for directions to a ridiculous location.
Let someone put stickers all over your face.
Try to do the worm dance move.
Make up a ridiculous conspiracy theory and try to convince the group it's true.
Do a superhero landing pose and hold it for 10 seconds.
Act out a scene from your favorite movie using only facial expressions.
Try to keep eye contact with someone for a full minute without laughing.
Make the weirdest noise you can for 10 seconds.
Pretend to be a robot with malfunctioning programming.
Try to touch your nose with your tongue.
Act like you're being chased by an invisible monster for 10 seconds.
Try to jump as high as you can five times in a row.
Let someone create a temporary tattoo on your arm with a marker.
Pretend to be a salesperson and try to sell a random object in the room.
Try to speak backward for the next minute.
Make up a funny handshake with someone in the group.
Take a shot of lemon juice.